Scene Open
Brother is lying down, not looking well after the long day of travel
B: *cough cough*
S: Polka! Hang in there.
B: ... water...
S: You want... But where can we find water here.
Ketu appears
K: Kekekekeke
K: Did you truely miss the lake you passed by not so long ago?
S: Huh?
K: You better hurry. Don't want to leave your brother in this cold to long. Who knows what will happen. Kekeke
Transition into Gameplay
Timer on Screen
Tytar has to navigate through the forest to find where the pond is

Trigger Zone 1
In the middle of a crossroad where player can turn left or right
K: I suggest you turn left

Trigger Zone 2
If the player follows Ketu directions
K: Kekeke. Didn't I tell you to left? Oh wait... Should of specified my left. You mortals do tend to be rather selfish in that regard.

Trigger Zone 3
If the player ignore Ketu entires and heads West instead
K: Hmm... I think might of misunderstood what I meant by head left.

Trigger Zone 4
If the player manages to reach the north exit of the map
K: I think you've gone a little to far from where you need to go

Time 1
At 75% time remaining
K: Is it me or is it getting colder here? Something about this chill just cuts right through the bones. Kekeke.

Time 2
At 50% time remaining
K: It's dangerous to get lost in these woods. I've seen many like you wander into here alone to never be seen from again.

Time 3
At 25% time remaining
K: You better hurry. Not quite sure your brother will be able to make it in this weather. 
K: Neither are you at this rate. 

Ketu will leave the player alone after this until they find the lake.

When the players uses action to get the bucket of water
K: Oh you found the lake. Best be patient on your way back. Freezing water could be a death sentence in this cold. Kekeke

When the player reaches 50% on slipMeter
K: Uh oh. Do you need a hand with that? Though your a big girl. I'm sure you'll manage.

When the player drops the bucket
K: A chilling experience I'm sure. Though is it one you have the time to learn from.

Trigger Zone 5
On the way back
"Did you know that the freezing temperature of blood is only slightly below the freezing temperature of water? Just figured you would like to know that."


Trigger Zone 6 (Will have two spawns)
Right before the crossroad
IF player doesn't have a bucket
K: Aren't you forgetting something. Visiting your brother isn't going to magically give you more time you know.
If the player does
K: Oh I think I saw a bear up ahead. Best be careful. Don't want to end up in the stomach of such a hungry creature.

Trigger Zone 7
At the crossroad
K: Though come to think of it. Isn't that the direction your brother's in?

Trigger Zone 8
On the path towards brother
K: Hmm... Or was it an elk.

Trigger Zone 9
At the clearing with the brother
K: Oh look there's your brother. Suppose it was an elk after all.

